Like we just said in this video we're going to start to create a repository parent class and then have
users and products inherit from it.
So let's get to it.
Back inside of my editor I got to find the repositories directory inside there and going to make a new
file called simply repository dot J.S. so inside of here.
We're going to define our base class.
It's gonna have all the different methods that are going to be shared between users in products and
any other future repository that we decide to create though inside of here I'm going to first define
and immediately export a new class called repository and inside of here we're going to cut and paste
just about every single method from users and place it into repository.
It's going to go back to what users dot J.S. I'm going to highlight from constructor all the way down
to the very bottom of that class.
It's going to take everything out of here.
I'm going to cut all of it.
So now users repository the class anyways is empty.
I'll go over to repository dot J.S. I've got paste all that stuff in there are two methods inside of
here maybe three that we do need to extract and take back over to users so inside of repository dot
J.S. going to scroll down until I find the create method for the create method right here.
This is an implementation that is a very specific to users.
So I only want my users repository to have this specific implementation so I'm going to cut that method
out
go back over to users J.S. and paste it back into users repository
then I'll go back to the repository DHHS file the next method that is very specific to our users repository
is right after it is compare passwords.
So going to take that method as well.
Cut it out and go at it to users J us as well
next up I'm going to fix up a couple of different require statements and make sure that they are available
inside a repository such as well the repository DHS needs to have access to the FSA module and if we
find the random ideas function it also has to have access to the crypto module as well so at the very
top I'm going to require an F S I'll also get crypto
OK.
The last thing we're going to do is re import or require in this class reports repository back into
a user's J s it's going to go back over there I'm going to require in repository
and I'm going to make sure that users repository extends our base class of repository.
So I'll say users repository extends repository.
So remember what that extends keyword right there does it means essentially take a look at that class
repository.
Take a look at all the different methods that have been assigned to it and more or less we can imagine
that we're gonna take all those methods and copy paste them into the body of our class.
So they're all going to be magically available inside of here but now because all those methods are
inside of a separate class that is reusable we can create other repositories and extend them in the
same way.
And then just choose to override some very specific methods or add in some additional methods wherever
we want some more functionality.
There is one last fix we have to do right now.
Repository has been left without any create function whatsoever because remember once again the create
function we have right here is very very specific to creating a user.
So we do have to go back over to our repository based class and create a create function inside of there
that can be used for all generic records in general.
So like products or any other type of record we decide to create in the future as well so back inside
of repository right after the constructor I'm going to put together a async create method.
Now we did put together a very generic looking to create method a while ago.
Remember we're essentially going to take in some attributes we're going to create a new thing using
those attributes.
We're going to add them to our array of all the different records we have and then write that data back
to our harddrive so we can go through that process pretty quickly so just like before we're going to
receive our.
I just want make sure I get the argument names here at least somewhat consistent.
So adders is what we used previously.
So we're going to receive some attributes inside an object.
We're going to once again assign an I.D. or a random idea to that.
So I'll say out-of-state I.D. is this not random I.D. I'll then get all my records
then we'll add in the new record.
So add in adders with the I.D. attached to it and we'll go ahead and do and await this dot right all
with all those records awaits.
And then finally I'm going to return adders because now it has been updated to have that I.D. in other
parts of our application might care about the idea that was just added in.
So I'll say return adders OK so now repository meets this entire like idea of a class that can work
with records that are stored on our harddrive and we've chosen to extend it for the users class the
users repository.
When we extended it we added in one method overwrite it an existing one.
And that's pretty much it.
Let's take a pause right here.
When we come back the next video we will create our products repository which is really just going to
extend the repository base class and borrow all those methods that are defined on it.
So quick pause.
I'll see you in just a minute.